Now to rub my Tiny'mon
champion trainer's medal for good luck.
Sometimes I feel you love that medal
more than me.
No, it goes you,
Mom and Dad, my sisters,
watching mean people
get what they deserve,
then Tiny'mon medal.
You know, I never got a medal,
and I've done a lot of--
Yeah, great story.
Now, let's beat the new
Tiny'mon Crash and Bash game!
And its customizable menu
means you can battle
with your Dukey'mon!
And I'm selecting you
for the championship battle!
Ooh, do I get a medal if I win?
No. Now, time to take on…
Mega Bon-Bon Mon!
-And let the battle begi--
Update required?
Well, Tiny'mon should get medals.
You trainers just stand there
while we do all the work, and--
Yeah, that's not how it works.
Now, let's beat-beat Bon-Bon.
-What the…?
Password required?
I don't have a password.
-"Dukey 2005."
-"I love farts."
-"1-2-3-4-5."
The update locked me
out of my own game?!
Something's very, very wrong.
We're only sending you
into Tiny'mon world
because you went into
Wizard Lad world for us.
Twice.
May I remind you that Blast Ketchup
lives in Tiny'mon Land?
And the last time you met,
you destroyed Porkbelly
over a stupid medal.
OK, that medal is not stupid,
and that's why
you need to send Dukey with me
in his Dukey'mon form.
It's a virtual world, Johnny,
so we can send him in
as any Tiny'mon you want.
Can you send me in with a medal?
Stop!
And I can't destroy Porkbelly,
'cause I'm going there, not here,
so… digitize us up, sisters!
It's so colorful.
And I'm so buff! Heh-heh.
But too quiet.
This place should be crawling
with my Tiny'mons.
And what's with all the red dots?
That are no longer dots!
You got here faster than I expected,
Flame-Headed Boy,
but I knew as soon as my update
stole your Tiny'mon,
you would have your sisters
send you straight to me!
Just give me the password, Blast,
so I can unlock myself, go home,
and not have to hear you blabber.
But don't you see?
This proves that I am
the true Tiny'mon master,
and I will finally get back
my Champion Trainer medal
you took from me,
thanks to this opening thing.
Which is not big,
so Tiny'mon Battle-Cubes, now!
We should have listened to
your sisters and not come here.
Maybe.
What is up?
Your lab place is weird, yet cool.
Quick! Try and pull Johnny out!
-I can't!
It's like he's locked
in the game or something.
Because he is. And yes!
I finally have
my Champion Medal back,
which proves I am the greatest
Tiny'mon trainer of all time.
No, it doesn't, because you didn't
win it back from Johnny.
You stole it back,
which proves you're a jerk.
Yeah, well, I have it,
so I am great! Right?
Fine! Then I challenge him to
a quad battle championship battle.
Tell him to bring four Earthy'mons
to Real World park,
where we battled last.
The password to unlock
your brother and dog
is "Blast is the greatest
1-2-3 exclamation point!"
Did we just start another Tiny'mon war
in Porkbelly?
So… what's going on there,
Tiny'mon guy?
I am waiting
for the Flame-Headed Boy
to battle me
with four of your Earthy'mons.
Then I will destroy him, and finally
win my Champion Medal back,
'cause I did not steal it but win it.
But you know that when you guys
try to destroy each other,
a lot of other stuff gets destroyed?
Fun, right?
General, I know how to defeat him.
Last time we used all your plutonium
to make Dukey a powerful Earthy'mon,
and this time we'll do the same
for Blaster Bear, Missile-iphant,
and Squirrel-Zooka.
Swat that.
Johnny, have you ever heard
of the military term "surrender?"
"Give up?" "Throw in the chicken?"
You want me to forfeit?
Johnny, we all can't stand that guy,
but even if we could defeat him
with these Earthy'mons…
There will be enormous
destruction to this town
over a small medal.
Yeah, it's not that small.
Johnny, look at the size of them!
Look, here comes
the Flame-Headed Boy.
Get ready for battle!
You win, Blast.
Are you throwing in the chicken?
Your Tiny'mon are too strong,
and I don't have the Earthy'mon
to defeat you.
Ha-ha! Yes! The medal is mine!
Come on, little guy.
I hate surrendering.
But we're very proud of you.
How can you be proud
of someone who has lost?
Oh, but you must be used to it,
being from this pathetic
real-world place
full of weak creatures.
And this medal proves
I am superior to all of you,
and this place smells bad,
did you know that?
Oh, and another thing…
This medal feels good, very good,
but not for you,
because you no longer
are the best trainer. Ha-ha!
Are you done?
Almost, because it is time
to laugh at you.
Man, I can't stand that kid.
And, Johnny, surrender
does not mean defeat.
It means you know
you were overmatched,
and that you'll try again.
But don't because, once again,
you'll destroy the town.
What if I tried again somewhere else?
What if we took the Earthy'mon
to Tiny'mon Land?
Hmm…
-We could crush Blast…
-Without crushing Porkbelly.
Yeah, it's the General.
I need to borrow
some things from the zoo.
I present to you
the reassembled Earthy'mon!
The Missile-iphant,
Blaster Bear, and, of course…
-No!
-Squirrel-Zooka!
It's a good start,
but we're going up against
highly evolved Tiny'mon.
Which means we need
to imagine and digitize
new and more powerful evolved forms.
Like we did with Dukey!
And I was very powerful.
Like "win a medal" powerful?
Only the trainers get medals.
Well, that seems very unfair!
Ha-ha-ha! I can just imagine
the Flame-Headed Boy right now.
Oh, how I wish I could see his face
that is probably crying like this,
"Boo-hoo-hoo. Boo-hoo-hoo.
Wah, wah, wah."
What is it? I was not done
being very funny.
Hey, Blast!
I came to win my medal back.
And we came to see you lose it.
And just how do you plan
on doing that?
With this. Earthy'mon, go!
-You cannot be serious.
Hold on a second.
Huh. I guess the upgrade
didn't work on the squirrel.
I recommend
you save that one for last,
and Baboomer, Thwack Attack now!
Missile-iphant… Titan Trunk!
Not bad, but Kadoomerang, Doomerang!
Uh-oh.
How do you like Earthy'mon now, Blast?
You may be winning, but not for long!
Badias, Electro-attack!
Yes! It's a double knockout!
And we have Blast, two against one.
Sorta.
I got this one, Johnny,
because I know Mega-Bon-Bon
can't beat my Toxic Tail!
Am I winning?
Your Earthy'mon
aren't the only creatures evolved.
I prepared for your toxic attack.
Mega-Mega Bon-Bon Blast now!
Don't make me ever
play this game again.
Ha-ha! You have finally run out of luck,
Flame-Headed Boy.
But, uh, I haven't…
…run out of Earthy'mon!
Your world and Earthy'mons
are no match for me.
It is time for all of you
to admit my superiority,
and maybe even shed a tear,
because I have won,
and you have lost.
Capital "L" for Loser,
on the forehead, in an L-shape…
Is he ever going to stop?
Now, take one last look
at the medal you no longer have,
Flame-Headed Boy,
because I have it,
and take all your weak Earthy'mon
to your dumb planet place.
Huh. I guess it does work on squirrels.
Oh, crud.
You see that, Blast?
Don't mess with Earthy'mons!
No-o-o-o-o-o!
In recognition of winning
my favorite battle of all time,
even though it was
inside of a computer thingie,
I present to you the Medal of Honor
for kickin' Blast's butt!
Well done, Dog!
Yes. I got a medal!
How's he doing that?
I don't know.